chore(#1597): remove multi-node compose, add info about re-sharding (#1599)
medic/cht-docs: content/en/hosting/vertical-vs-horizontal.md

Since both CHT 3.x and 4.x support this, vertical scaling is an easy, good first step in addressing performance issues in the CHT. 

### Re-sharding

> For those self hosting who are looking to maximize their vertically scaled deployment, consider [re-sharding CouchDB](https://docs.couchdb.org/en/stable/config/resharding.html) to have more shards. CouchDB uses 1 core to manage each shard.  By default, a CHT Core 4.x deployment will have 8 shards.  If you have available unused CPUs, by re-sharding you divide up CouchDB's shard management to take advantage of more cores. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For those self hosting who are looking to maximize their vertically scaled deployment, consider [splitting CouchDB shards](https://docs.couchdb.org/en/stable/cluster/sharding.html#splitting-shards) to have more shards. CouchDB uses 1 core to manage each shard.  By default, a CHT Core 4.x deployment will have 8 shards.  If you have available unused CPUs, by re-sharding you divide up CouchDB's shard management to take advantage of more cores. 
```
